fix: add options to cast uuid to string when the format is not supported (#660)
ForestAdmin/agent-nodejs: docs/datasources/provided/sequelize.md

// Create agent and import collections from sequelize
const agent = createAgent(options).addDataSource(createSequelizeDataSource(sequelize));
```

# Disable UUID type checking

> [Postgres UUID type support non-standard UUIDs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-uuid.html) but forestadmin-agent does not support it.
> One way to overcome this restriction is to utilize the `castUuidToString` option for the data source, which disables UUID type verification and transforms UUIDs into strings.
> Despite this conversion, your database will continue to store UUIDs rather than strings, so there is no need for concern.

Reviewer: The section is a bit dense on gitbook (4 lines in a row).
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1374063/228593874-6320e923-72da-465c-ae1b-3f77be71bc19.png)

How about something like this?

```suggestion
Postgres UUID columns accept [non-standard UUIDs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-uuid.html) which don't pass Forest Admin validation rules.

To overcome this restriction set the `castUuidToString` option to `true`. It will tell your agent to handle all `UUIDs` coming from Postgres as simple `strings`.

This won't change how data is saved into your database.
```
